Add missing item for ServiceWorker.state (#18820)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/serviceworker/state/index.md

The **`state`** read-only property of the
{{domxref("ServiceWorker")}} interface returns a string representing the current state
of the service worker. It can be one of the following values: `parsed`, `installing`,
`installed,` `activating`, `activated`, or
`redundant`.

## Value

A {{jsxref("String")}} that can take one of the following values:

- `"parsed"`

>   - : The initial state of a service worker after it is downloaded and confirmed to be runable. A service worker is never updated to this state meaning it will never be the value of the {{DOMxRef("ServiceWorker.statechange_event")}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : The initial state of a service worker after it is downloaded and confirmed to be runnable.
    A service worker is never updated to this state, so this will never be the value of the {{DOMxRef("ServiceWorker.statechange_event")}}
```
